Y
hello that such friends I am raúl treviño and
I continue to share with you more
curiosities of japan I want to show you
that when I visited in a mall
I came across this machine where it
can charge the batteries of the
electric bicycles have insurance and
you can leave charging your battery
while you go shopping in a store
very similar omnipod but in japan I
these samples attracted attention
the floor of the traditional Japanese room
called tatami is very interesting how
are made and the prices go around
between 350 dollars to 750 dollars the set
of 6 boxes which is more or less what
you need for a room but you do not know
worry because there is one more version
economic sponge for 20 dollars
has a very similar texture of the straw
tatami on the floor but nothing was
compares as the smell of straw is very
very
they also have samples of the doors
show calls and they are very
traditional in this country and there
different prices and designs especially
on the wash paper and this fascinates me
because it's something that is part of a
culture and they are things that can be
find easily in these stores
without having to go to places
specialized
and I also found that brush for
children that caught my attention a lot
little is not cool is a little bear and what
sell with a brush or they also sell you
only the cover that is with brush
it costs four dollars and the sheer cover
it costs three dollars and this other brush
electric for children
we are nice but it costs the amount
for $ 47 no thanks
and good brushes for languages ​​too
sold in my life I had seen them but
there are different brands and different
styles brushes for languages how about
for me this is new and we had not
seen out there they sell them in their in their
places of origin josé melo do it to me
to know is it makes me very curious
and I just hope they do not tell me that in
Mexico they sell them because I am moral
shame
On the other hand I also found this
mask to clean the face of the
girls that made me very original and
novel since they have drawings of a
tiger or a panda and has a cost more or
less than 8 dollars and good guys is
all for today thanks for rules over here
and see you next video
and do not miss out on the previous video of
scans a drawing of the man hurt that
I did and well do not imagine where I was
to scan
I also want to let them know that already
is my second manga on sale and good
I'll leave you link below to
those interested
two